well how do you think internet people
its bow again today we're gonna talk
about reputations got friend who let's
just say he's on vacation in Chicago and
talk to him he's like man this place is
nothing like what I thought it was like
we mean he's like you know you see the
coverage of it and I was expecting this
place to be pretty bad they're actually
pretty welcoming I mean there are rough
neighborhoods but even there it's not as
bad as it seems on on the news fair
enough I've been to Chicago in a number
of years but it got me thinking about
reputations when I was in high school
for a very first year I went to high
school I went to a high school that was
in a relatively large city had 4,000
people in it that's bigger than a town
that I live in now and you know the year
after we went to moving and I went back
to high school that was so small it was
on High School in a middle school but
that first year my freshman year there
was this girl and she had just broken up
with her boyfriend and we went out and
hung out not a romantic thing but
whatever he was an idiot him until his
buddies caught me in a stairway now the
reality is they kicked the tar out of me
but before they got me on the ground
they started kicking me I got a couple
real good hits in one of them now
a couple minutes into the melee a coach
walks in one flight down into the
stairway they take off run and go one
flight up I followed them because I
don't want to get caught either they run
out in the hallway when all people are
changing classes what did the people in
the hallway see they see three people
run out of a stairway one of them
bloodied and me follow out shortly
thereafter the blood on my hands got a
reputation from that that was not
entirely deserved it appeared that I
just sent these guys running it's not
what happened
Chicago seems to be in the same boat see
it all the time 51 killed 51 shot
you know worst weekend ever see it in
the news let's look at murder rates I'm
gonna list cities with the highest
murder rates in order a st. Louis
Chester Pennsylvania st. Louis Missouri
Gary Indiana Baltimore Maryland Pine
Bluff Arkansas Wilmington Delaware New
Orleans Louisiana Detroit Michigan Baton
Rouge Louisiana Flint Michigan Bessemer
Alabama Petersburg Virginia Jackson
misses they're not even in the top 15
Jackson Mississippi Alexandria Louisiana
Youngstown Ohio Huntington West Virginia
Atlantic City it just goes on Chicago's
not even up here if you look at murder
rates I'm sure somebody right now is
gone well it's it's the surrounding
areas
it's not just Chicago let's look at
State murder rates these aren't actually
in any order I just pulled them to to
demonstrate the point
Louisiana 12.4 that is the highest
Arkansas eight point six Missouri nine
point eight Alaska eight point four
Alabama eight point three Mississippi
eight point two you got to go all the
way down to seven point eight before you
get to Illinois that's in line with
South Carolina and Tennessee by the way
Florida is 5.0 so y'all can knock that
Florida man stuff off or maybe we're
just better at hiding the body I don't
know
by the way Florida's murder capital is
not Miami its Riviera Beach that's like
right by Margo Haut I found that funny
and I'm sure another response will be
well you know you've got to compare just
big cities it's 14 cities over a hundred
thousand people it's 14th
the reputation isn't well-earned and in
fact their crime rate is dropping
they're trying to get their city back
together may not help tab news outlets
just running constant propaganda that is
plainly false another reason that
started is because we had a president
from Chicago and the news network that
is constantly pushing this narrative
well they didn't like him it's where it
came from it's propaganda to things we
can learn from this three things one
Chicago is not Mogadishu two reputations
are sometimes unearned and three be very
very careful when you're looking at
statistics and you're looking at
narratives that are supposedly based on
statistics when you see things that
aren't actually based on rate but based
on an amount that's when you need to
start paying attention because it's a
whole lot a lot easier to scare people
by saying 51 people shocked over this
period of time then giving the rate in a
city with almost three million people
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day